README.md, before:

# Exoplanet New Tab 🪐
![Banner](https://github.com/maidi29/exoplanet-new-tab/blob/main/sources%20for%20webstore%20entry/1400x560.png?raw=true)

Chrome Extension that displays a new confirmed exoplanet in every new tab with hypothetical visualization and interesting planet facts.

Use this Extension: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/exoplanet-new-tab/lomgeabjcgmlehekkdofbmgedkapgpoe

## Examples
![Example 1](https://github.com/maidi29/exoplanet-new-tab/blob/main/sources%20for%20webstore%20entry/screenshot-5.png?raw=true)
![Example 2](https://github.com/maidi29/exoplanet-new-tab/blob/main/sources%20for%20webstore%20entry/screenshot-7.png?raw=true)
![Example 3](https://github.com/maidi29/exoplanet-new-tab/blob/main/sources%20for%20webstore%20entry/screenshot-11.png?raw=true)
![Example 4](https://github.com/maidi29/exoplanet-new-tab/blob/main/sources%20for%20webstore%20entry/screenshot-10.png?raw=true)

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

`npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.

`npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

Zip the build folder for upload in Chrome Web Store.

## Planet Textures

[https://www.solarsystemscope.com/textures/](https://www.solarsystemscope.com/textures/)

Commit message:

Update version for webstore entry

README.md, after:

# Exoplanet New Tab 🪐
![Banner](https://github.com/maidi29/exoplanet-new-tab/blob/main/sources%20for%20webstore%20entry/1400x560.png?raw=true)

Chrome Extension that displays a new confirmed exoplanet in every new tab with hypothetical visualization and interesting planet facts.

Use this Extension: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/exoplanet-new-tab/lomgeabjcgmlehekkdofbmgedkapgpoe

## Examples
![Example 1](https://github.com/maidi29/exoplanet-new-tab/blob/main/sources%20for%20webstore%20entry/screenshot-5.png?raw=true)
![Example 2](https://github.com/maidi29/exoplanet-new-tab/blob/main/sources%20for%20webstore%20entry/screenshot-7.png?raw=true)
![Example 3](https://github.com/maidi29/exoplanet-new-tab/blob/main/sources%20for%20webstore%20entry/screenshot-11.png?raw=true)
![Example 4](https://github.com/maidi29/exoplanet-new-tab/blob/main/sources%20for%20webstore%20entry/screenshot-10.png?raw=true)

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

`npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.

`npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

Zip the build folder for upload in Chrome Web Store. Before building, edit the version in [manifest.json](./public/manifest.json).

## Planet Textures

[https://www.solarsystemscope.com/textures/](https://www.solarsystemscope.com/textures/)
